# Pico Balloon Tracker Version 2.0## ObjectivesThis Pico balloon tracker is the second version to be designed by Imperial College Space Society. It is intended to offer an easy to build and low cost entry for people who want to launch small Helium filled balloons with a small tracking payload. While the previous version used already built commercial modules for the radio, GPS and power supply, this version is built from basic components.Ideally, it should be able to fly around the world on board a small balloon.## LicenseHardware is Licensed under CERN OHL v.1.2 or later https://www.ohwr.org/documents/294 No warranty is provided for this documentation implied or otherwise.Software is licensed under MIT License.MIT LicenseCopyright (c) 2018 Imperial College Space SocietyDerived Software  Copyright (c) 2014  Richard Meadows <richardeoin>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.